OSDOCS-10637 Adding warnings re. using shared VPCs for HCP clusters (#76339)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/imp-rosa-hcp-no-shared-vpc-support.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Shared VPCs are not supported for use with {hcp-title}. Do not install a {hcp-title} cluster in an environment that uses Amazon VPC sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-sharing.html[Sharing VPCs across multiple AWS accounts] is not currently supported for {hcp-title}. Do not install a {hcp-title} cluster into subnets shared from another AWS account. See link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6980058["Are multiple ROSA clusters in a single VPC supported?"] for more information.
```
